If you don't regret it, then promise to break the engagement?
Master Dongjie, Second Master
My good big brother
You don't have to be a joke.
Why is it a joke to let others join you?
Pardon me?
I said Aoxue
A girl?
Finally with beauty and wisdom
Achieve success in business
You sell fried noodles on the street
Let's make our Li family a joke
Why implicate people?
Take the initiative to write the marriage contract
It's also a respectability for yourself
That's not good.
It's between me and him
And what do you have?
You are the prince of the Li family
My good big brother
Of course you care about me
He also said that
Kowloon Group's trillion-dollar investment in Mr. Tang
He benefited
What!
Brother, are you shameless to this extent?
You sell fried noodles on the street
What can you do?
Go and ask the Kowloon Group to invest trillions in Tangmen?
Are you ashamed to the point where you have no bottom line?
It's disgusting
Alright, Li Wushuang
I don't want to talk nonsense with you either.
Tell me a price. What price?
As long as you break off the engagement with me
Tell me the number and I'll give you one.
Why do you think I'm short of money? Haha bro
What are you still pretending to do at this time?
Are you not short of money to sell fried noodles on the street?
I'm glad it's none of your business
Alright Li Wushuang
Stop acting like a hooligan
Just talk about what happened between us
How are you going to solve it?